chore(ci): node-version to latest LTS (18.12.x) (#680)
3YOURMIND/kotti: README.md

> yarn run test

Reviewer: blocking

Author: ?

```

### Documentation Deployment & CI

CI jobs config scripts can be found under .github/workflows

> Docs from `master` branch are hosted on [gh-pages](https://pages.github.com/), and via [Render](https://render.com/) on each open PR.

Reviewer: I find the wording confusing as it sounds like GitHub Pages hosts PR environments

```suggestion
Every PR is hosted on [Render](https://render.com) with a link on the pull request conversation. Docs from `master` are additionally hosted on [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/).
```

> node-version: Currently we specifically target LTS v18.12.x as the used node-version

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
node-version: Currently we specifically target LTS v18 as the used node-version
```
